I don’t care if she calls if it is at night or at dawn
because I’m not available for you
I know you’re jealous
but anyway we have no relation
so forget me love
I no longer die for you
Yeaah
I don’t die for you
Many women are better than you
I don’t want to see you any more
And now tell me if you go
I won’t look for you
You’re mad about me
And now I don’t want to see you, see you
And now tell me if you go
I won’t look for you
You’re mad about me
And now I don’t want to see you, see you
When she sees me, she remembers
I’m good at it
She wants to be back, she wants to have
what she can’t have, she doesn’t understand
She will not accept that this is finished
bad woman, bad woman
Now it’s your turn to lose, I will not
play your game
it’s you who will fall head over heels for me
Asking to come back, but it will not happen
even if you can’t wipe off those mascara marks
So you’ll stay alone now, lonely,
I will go away from the problems
I want to enjoy the full night
Don’t fuck with me
at least for  now
And if you speak to me only tell me you’re leaving
I will not look for you
You’re mad about me and now I don’t want to see you, see you
And now tell me if you’re leaving
I will not look for you
You’re mad about me and now I don’t want
to see you, see you
I worshipped you without knowing
that when you were with me you kissed other lips
You forgot me, you failed me and now
the blame
follows me everywhere, booze night
nights of madness and treason made you forget
all what you are regretting today
and you apologize but I said no no no no
Baby I said no
I no longer die for you…
Yeaah I don’t die for you yeeeah
There are many women better than you
I don’t want to see you anymore
And now tell me if you are leaving
I will not look for you
You’re mad about me
and I don’t want to see you
And now tell me if you are leaving
I will not look for you
You’re mad about me
and I don’t want to see you, see you